docs: add guideline to setup harvester ui extension in air gapped env (#722)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/harvester-ui-extension.md

| v1.4.2                    | v1.0.4                          | Rancher 2.10.1             |
| v1.5.0                    | v1.5.0                          | Rancher 2.11.0             |

> > Please check [here](/v1.5/airgap#harvester-ui-extension-with-rancher-integration) to install Harvester UI Extension in air gapped environment

Author: @bk201 I added it here.

Author: new added part

> > Please check [here](/v1.5/airgap#harvester-ui-extension-with-rancher-integration) to install Harvester UI Extension in air gapped environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing the extension over the network is not possible in air-gapped environments, so you must perform the workaround outlined in [Harvester UI Extension with Rancher Integration](/v1.5/airgap#harvester-ui-extension-with-rancher-integration).
```
